[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with David Adair--
space technology
transfer consultant,
US Navy jet engine
technician, field researcher
for the Office of Naval
Intelligence, and so much more.
David, welcome to the show
>>DAVID ADAIR: Yeah,
thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: In early "Cosmic
Disclosure" episodes,
you have talked about
ET technologies.
Could you tell us
a little bit more
about what these
technologies are?
And how do they work?
>>ADAIR: One of the best ways
to define that technology people
can relate to, being that you
don't have a spacecraft sitting
in your backyard--
what people observe--
UFOs.
That's the most common
thing I can think of.
And they'll say they
blink out, and then
blink over here and blink.
Actually, they're not blinking.
They're moving.
But they're moving so
fast, you can't see it.
They're going from
point A to point B.
But the space that's
between them--
they're not really
passing through that.
They're only passing through
a very small portion of it,
because they have wound
that space to them.
And they jump over it,
and they blink over here.
When they blink
off, the blink-on
is they've already
made the transition.
And they've moved over.
Now, from horizon
to horizon, you're
not talking that many miles.
Well, it could be
a thousand miles.
But on a space level, you need
to travel billions of miles.
That blinking would
be a real handy thing.
Now, you could jump
entire quadrants of space
in just seconds.
And they can do that.
Because one drive
that I've worked
on that I know that
works in my possession
is that when you get this
sphere built and stabilized--
and, boy, that's the
keyword-- stabilize.
Once you get this
magnetic field stabilized,
you can detonate a chain
reaction inside it, an H-bomb
and contain it.
And people say nothing can
contain a fury of an H-bomb
inside a--
no, it's not material.
It's electromagnetic fields
at such an intense level
that even a nuclear chain
reaction will put a dent in it.
And you'll be sitting there,
go, there's no such thing.
That's been impossible.
Well, what do you think
a black hole does?
It pulls up to a sun.
And what's the sun?
Millions of hydrogen
bombs going off,
continuously, simultaneously
all across the planet.
And it's burning the
fuel out of the planet.
And it's trying to
explode outward.
The gravity mass of the
sun is pulling it back in.
So it blows out,
pulls in, blows it
until it's stabilized
near the burning sun.
OK?
A black hole can pull
up next to that thing,
suck it into its event
horizon, the opening.
And that sun disappears.
And you're talking-- you could
pour a 100 million Earths
inside one of these suns.
And the sun just goes down.
The event horizon is gone
forever, never seen again.
Where does it go?
We don't know.
We only have theories.
>>EMERY: So you can contain that
energy, is what you're saying?
>>ADAIR: It is.
>>EMERY: And can you
also extract the energy
when you need it?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
Now, that's a tricky point.
OK, you got this fury in there.
You don't want to bust the
balloon, the containment field.
Or it's going to be really
uncomfortable for everybody.
So there's a way of
channeling, extracting
through a plasma beam that
runs down through the cord
line of the sail.
And when you get
to a focal point,
you can use a laser to
orifice the diameter.
And I mean, you can get
down to the diameter
smaller than a human hair, which
is about where you want to be.
Because you don't
want to open up
too much of a hole with the
fury of an entire sun roaring
inside.
Because on Newtonian physics--
when it goes out that exit, you
got a opposite, equal reaction.
So you can see it could be--
you got-- measurement and
containment is very tricky.
But when you get
it contained right,
there are several ways
you can use the energy.
This thing that I've
built wasn't even--
I didn't get to phase one.
I got halfway to phase one.
I got the field to contain.
And then they took it.
>>EMERY: Who's they?
>>ADAIR: Well, they would
be the United States Air
Force, the CIA, whoever else
is in that god-awful alphabet
soup.
But what they wanted
with that is the speed
on a Newtonian physics
plane from point A
to point B on a linear focus.
>>EMERY: David, where
did you get this from?
>>ADAIR: I learned it from
the engine and the math.
When I'm doing it, see--
and this kind of math--
this is not like you're
multiplying, adding,
subtracting, dividing.
This is quantum physics
differential mechanics.
And it's on a level where
if you're lucky enough
and you got enough brain
cells, you can follow the math.
You don't lead
the math anywhere.
It leads you.
So I was following the math.
And some things
started showing up.
And I went, oh, god, there's
spin-offs in this thing.
I didn't even think about it.
I was just trying to
get a containment field.
Well, what kind of spin-off
would be worth anything?
Well, on the math, once
the field is contained,
I noticed something.
And the set of algorithms
and math was showing me.
And I'm going, oh, my god.
[LAUGHTER]
I made fun with them.
"Back to the Future."
It's a flux capacitor.
>>EMERY: It's a flux capacitor.
>>ADAIR: No, it's
an inertia dampener.
What's so exciting about that?
Let me get Bugs Bunny
to help me explain this.
Do you remember when we were
kids and watching cartoons?
Bugs is in there
playing with his friend.
He ran out of gas and
has fallen back to Earth.
The speedometer is
running off the dials.
The wings rip off.
He's just in a dart.
And they're all screaming
they're all going to die.
Well, they are.
They're on impact.
And right before it
hits, Bugs opens the door
and takes all his friends,
and sets them outside,
and the plane crashes.
Now, that's a cartoon.
No, it's not.
That's reality.
That can happen.
And it can happen through
an inertia dampener
from this device.
Because what it can do--
it has the ability to shield
off all the Newtonian forces
we have to deal with.
>>EMERY: So, are you in your
own electromagnetic field?
>>ADAIR: The field
is in its own field.
>>EMERY: Right.
It's in its own.
>>ADAIR: It's a
field inside a field.
And that changes everything.
Here, let's answer
this question.
Here comes a UFO
5,000 miles an hour.
It does a 90-degree corner.
>>EMERY: He's in his own field.
>>ADAIR: Well, what
was ever in there,
would do that, if it's
organic, it's going to be soup.
There's nothing
going to be left.
It's going to be just
smashed into obliteration
from the g-forces
that's involved.
However, with inertia
dampener, like I found on mine,
you have a secondary field.
Primary field, phase one,
holds the engine power.
Secondary field can either
go outside the spacecraft
or go up to the cockpit.
You put a secondary
field around a cockpit.
Well, what's the good of that?
They feel no momentum, no
inertia, no kinetics, nothing.
All Newtonian physics erased.
5,000 miles an hour,
90-degree corner, and they
don't even feel it.
That's the only way they
could be doing that.
Therefore, when you
see a craft doing that,
that's an electromagnetic
fusion containment device,
or it's something
awful similar to it.
But you got to have that
with these secondary fields.
And I thought inertia
dampener was something
I wasn't even looking for.
>>EMERY: Are you saying you
built an anti-gravity device
that actually works?
>>ADAIR: It's not truly
an anti-gravity device,
not the way the other
people have been going at.
This thing is just--
it's an echo field of the
original containment field.
But inside that secondary field,
I have removed all inertia.
So that's really cool, because I
wasn't expecting it to do that.
>>EMERY: And what is that field?
What would you
classify that field as?
>>ADAIR: An inertia dampener.
That would be its name.
That's what it does.
It stops all of the motions
of Newtonian physics,
kinetic energy,
inertia, momentum.
>>EMERY: What type of energy
are we looking at, David,
to power that?
>>ADAIR: Way I got
to it was once you
get the magnetic field
sustained, then you detonate
a nuclear chain reaction, which
I used two different isotopes
to get that annihilation
effect, which that was always
an interesting moment.
>>EMERY: I'm sure.
>>ADAIR: I didn't want
to tell people around me,
if this don't work, us
and about half this state
is going to be gone.
Well, I didn't bother telling
anybody, but we had no mishaps.
And I was pretty
sure of the math.
And then the ability to
jump, that this thing can do,
that was more than I expected.
What they wanted from me
was a propulsion unit.
They just wanted
to go really fast.
They're looking for a
first-strike nuclear weapon.
Well, on the very first
prototype that we launched out
of White Sands, that guy covered
125 miles in 3.2 seconds,
I believe.
But imagine something covering
125 miles in 3 seconds.
Think that'd make a good
first-strike weapon?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they saw that
and they wanted it--
>>EMERY: It's instant.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
So they took the engine
design, me, and everything.
And that's all they wanted.
Nothing.
Wait a minute.
It's like taking a shower
with a raincoat on.
There's a whole lot you're
missing, a whole lot of this.
This is only one
half of one phase,
and there are four phases.
The second phase
gets really good.
That's where we'll start
picking up the inertia dampener.
And then the third
phase is when we're--
>>EMERY: Oh, that was without
the inertial dampener?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: And you
were going that fast?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>ADAIR: That's what happens
in this kind of speeds
and containments.
>>EMERY: And the
device did not shred?
>>ADAIR: No.
Tell you what it did do.
It got hot.
See, when something coming in
reentry at 5,000 miles an hour,
this thing was that hot leaving.
Ascension.
It was that hot.
The air couldn't get
out the way fast enough.
And I saw that was red
hot on the way out.
It was a lot cooler coming back
in, because you use parachutes.
But I knew it was going
to pick up air friction,
but I didn't know how much.
It looked like-- when
it was leaving the pad,
it just looked like a streak
of metal being shot into space.
You didn't even see it.
And, boy, sure felt it.
And this is a point where
everybody misses something.
And I have a question about it.
Wouldn't you like to know
what a electromagnetic fusion
contained engine sounds like?
>>EMERY: Indeed.
>>ADAIR: Nobody has ever heard
the sound of this engine,
except for me and a handful
of people at White Sands.
>>EMERY: What's it sound like?
>>ADAIR: It is like--
think of the highest shrieking
soprano you've ever heard.
And it sounded like it screamed,
like a scream on the way out.
>>EMERY: Are UFOs and
extraterrestrial vehicles
utilizing that technology?
>>ADAIR: A form of
that technology.
Yeah.
Remember, I'm in a
rocket, so I'm a tube.
Off you go.
An arrow.
They're circular.
They're a sphere.
So it's going to work
much easier for them,
because they are circular.
That'll become their
containment fields.
It'd be the most logical
engine right in the center,
because everything is circular.
The internal fields,
the external fields,
everything is following a
similar proportion called
the Mobius of the design.
So a UFO would have
this thing humming.
That's why you see this light
glow, or you hear it sometimes.
They say people hear humming
or they feel something.
Yeah.
Because, man, this thing is--
it's idling at light speed.
[LAUGHTER]
It's something like,
where's your vehicle?
Sitting over there.
Oh, it's idling.
Yeah, but it's idling
at light speed.
That's it.
You can't even calculate
it into horsepower.
>>EMERY: No.
>>ADAIR: This can't be done.
You have the power of a sun set
in there, and it's contained.
But when you draw
on that power, there
are so many different
ways to go with this.
And that's where it
gets interesting.
I chose the electromagnetic
fusion containment route.
Because they can control
it better and easier.
And I understand enough of
it through Newtonian physics.
But what if they changed it
where they run on frequencies?
What if they lock on to some
kind of frequency on a planet
and they use vectors that they
fly from planet to planet?
They could have all kinds
of things stuck in there.
>>EMERY: Well, even the
fact of time travel.
I mean, many scientists
postulate that these craft
are us from the future.
And there's some sort of time
travel involved with that.
If you're going at those
speeds leaving our system
or coming back and forth,
what do you think about that?
>>ADAIR: You're going to
have a hard time seeing
where you're going, 'cause you
outrun your own headlights.
I don't know.
There's the time travel effect.
Man, that's another
world in itself.
But with this type of
technology I'm talking about,
you have the power
to warp space.
You're going to have
power to warp time.
And time manipulation
with this thing--
you would have both
time and distance.
And if you control
those two, there's
no where in the
universe you can't
go in just relative short
time, relative time where
I'm not going to take 200
million years to get over
there.
I'll be there in two minutes.
And that would be capable.
But I can only imagine from--
here I got a--
>>EMERY: Because you come back
at the same time that you left.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
Well, now you're getting
in time motion continuum.
And I'll be the
first to tell you,
I'm not the brightest
bulb in the box here.
That's a very difficult
concept to tackle.
In a realistic 3D world,
most of my colleagues
wouldn't even entertain the
thoughts of it, it being real.
I, at least, will try
to postulate how you
would do some of this stuff.
But we've got so many missing
items that we don't know.
>>EMERY: Sure.
No, of course.
What do you think about
what's going on in the news
and what people are
saying out there
about these unidentified
aerial phenomena?
We've seen some videos
now on the news.
People are talking about that.
Do you think that's us or
is it extraterrestrial?
>>ADAIR: I think it's both.
Some of the things I've seen--
it hasn't been too many.
But I saw one device--
two of them, actually.
They were flying.
And it was just sheer
luck that I caught them.
I was laying back against
this pool and was in the pool.
And the sun just dropped
behind the building.
And so the entire
sun ball was blocked,
but you can see the
corona perfectly.
Now, I thought, oh, wow.
Look at that.
You can see the sun's corona
without being blinded.
As soon I said that,
coming into the corona,
you see something
forming up into a solid.
And what's behind is
still transparent.
As it moves on into the
corona, it finishes out,
soliding up into a visual.
And it looks like
a flying arrowhead
with the little bumps.
And then it took off in
about two seconds later.
Another one just below it came
right in, did the same thing.
And when it comes out of the
corona, it starts disappearing.
And when it's out of the corona,
you can't see it anymore.
It's gone.
Where I was lying and
where those two things
were heading in that
direction-- they
were headed straight to Area 51.
I believe that was us.
I think that was us in
some kind of backward
reverse-engineered
technology, whatever.
But it was just sheer luck I
caught it in the sun's corona.
And I thought, I
remember what I saw.
And they looked like
flying arrowheads.
And then one day, I was just
looking on the internet.
And there was a photograph.
Somebody shot a film
outside of the plane.
And the things
weren't horizontal.
They were vertical.
And there was four
or five of them.
And that's the same thing I saw.
I remembered the bumps.
So I don't know.
But, boy, these
things were fast.
They're using a linear
propulsion system,
because they had little
blank pods on the side.
And you see a little flame.
And they're gone and so fast,
you can't even see them.
But that's a linear
propulsion device.
So I would think that you
would have several propulsion
devices on ships like this.
You get one that you
use out in deep space.
And that's your big
primary engines.
And you crank up
and you're gone--
wrap space around yourself, jump
through dimensions, whatever.
When you get into a planet, you
use the scaled back version.
But their scaled
back version still--
god, centuries ahead of us.
>>EMERY: In your own
mind, what do you
believe those craft were?
Were they ours?
Were they extraterrestrial?
Are these alien
reproduction vehicles?
>>ADAIR: I think it's C--
all the above.
Some of these vehicles--
I could tell they're linear
propulsion with a cloaking
device.
That's pretty much
our technology.
It's been reversed.
We've stoled it or whatever.
Traded it off for
something else.
Then there's a level that moves
outside Newtonian physics.
That's more along my engine
or some other similar engines.
And then there's others that
are moving with something
I don't even know
where to start with.
And that would be your
extraterrestrial technologies.
And we're handicapped,
because I'm
working with an encyclopedia
set with this many volumes.
And the encyclopedia
set might be from here
to the wall in volumes,
the ones I don't have.
And scientists there
take me sometimes.
They're so smart, and they can
be so limited at the same time.
They'll look and tell
me the atomic code.
That's it.
The atomic code chart
we got-- that's it
for the entire universe.
I said, son, you couldn't be
more wrong if you had to be.
I said that might be 1% of
what's going on out there.
We don't know.
We're so far back here in the
back waters of the galaxy,
we don't know what's going
on out there in the center,
the hub activity.
And they may have hundreds--
forms of energy that
we don't even have.
NASA always seems
to have the hots
for action-reaction vehicles.
And they got 73
of those designs.
We've only seen two--
liquid fuel and
solid propellant.
Well, there's all these others
to pick from, so we don't know.
>>EMERY: Are the black
holes used for space
travel amongst the
extraterrestrial civilizations?
>>ADAIR: In our technology, no.
But in theirs-- could be.
That would be really
a good choice.
Because, see, we
have black holes
on our side of the galaxy.
And we see matter going
into it all the time,
just suck up a sun or planet.
It's gone.
And where does it go?
Well, old Hawkins--
he had a good idea.
He said everything
that's consumed
on this end in our galaxy
into a black hole--
it goes down through
the singularity.
And it spits out at the
other end of the galaxy.
All that matter comes
spewing out, out of a--
what is known as a quasar.
Now, we have quasars
over here on our side.
So what he's saying is these
black hole tunnels on one end
will be a black
hole, second end.
And on the other end
of the same tunnel
would be a quasar spewing out.
And we got quasars we
watch all the time.
The matter just keeps coming.
I mean, matters that make up--
you can build entire
planets with it.
It's continuous.
It never stops.
Where is this coming from?
Could be a black hole
on the other end of it,
sucking it in over there.
And if you could
time it where you
could run through
these things, then you
got the legendary stargate.
You're using wormhole travel.
The problem with that is these
things are very unstable.
They break down and
collapse, move around.
And you don't know where
they're going to show up next.
That's where mine was handy.
Because when you deal
with mine, you build it.
And it's stationary.
It's stable.
So you always know where
your black hole is.
You're controlling it.
And I suppose I never let mine
get loose for obvious reasons.
But mine would be compared
to a mini black hole.
It's certainly not-- if
it didn't have an event,
the horizon would have
swallowed a whole sun or planet.
>>EMERY: So it
couldn't swallow Earth?
>>ADAIR: Oh, actually, it could.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
What about the solar system?
>>ADAIR: It depends
when it stops.
It could just keep going.
It could be bad news.
>>EMERY: You going to put an on
and off switch on that, Dave?
>>ADAIR: Not on that thing.
But if the way
the math tells me,
it's not going to run renegade
and suck the Earth into it
if the fields--
I have the fields set up
in a fail-safe position.
If you're not
familiar with that,
our nuclear weapons
have a fail-safe.
I have a way for this
thing to disconnect
beyond the speed of light.
It's in quarks.
And he also referred
to it as tachyons.
>>EMERY: Tachyons.
Yeah--
>>ADAIR: Yeah, the tachyons.
>>EMERY: --one of the
smallest particles.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, so my
switch is a tachyon
switch faster than
the speed of light.
Because, believe me, you
want to get before anybody
starts its thing.
Because that won't
be a fun event.
You don't want to be next to a
mini black hole if it goes off.
It might say the word many.
It's anything but many in power.
>>EMERY: Right.
How do tachyons neutralize that?
Because we're being
bombarded with them daily.
They're such a small particle
going right through us,
right now as we talk.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
See, the way we deal with--
you get in an area
called quantum mechanics.
And people use
those terms so much
at some of these conventions.
>>EMERY: Oh, goodness.
>>ADAIR: People--
you're just so far off.
This is not-- look
at the word quantum.
What does that mean?
Small.
But you don't know how small I'm
talking about when I say small.
>>EMERY: I know.
Right.
>>ADAIR: So this is
a little lengthy.
But, boy, it's
interesting stuff.
People use these
terms all the time,
but you all just don't
quite get it right.
How did the black hole form?
Where do they come from?
Well, that's a good question.
The way a black hole is formed--
you have-- let's
start off with suns.
You have a blue giant, a yellow
medium star, and a red dwarf,
OK?
Our sun is a yellow medium star.
Blue giants-- you got
to see that thing.
You could pour 100 million
suns into one of these.
All right.
So across the face
of a medium sun,
across the United States
about 3,000 miles.
Well, across the
face of our sun,
you're looking at over
500,000 miles, a half
a million miles across its face.
That's pretty big, considering
the Earth is only what?
32,000 in cumference,
8,000 [INAUDIBLE]..
So you got a half
a million mile--
so imagine the mass, how
much that thing weighs.
Well, it's stabilized,
because it's
blowing out where the gravity
is pulling it back in.
It's stabilized.
But gravity always wins.
When the fuel burns out,
it starts collapsing.
And it'll collapse.
It's shrinking in.
The gravity mass is
pulling it all into itself.
Now, it's down the
size of a basketball.
But here, it's a
mind-boggling thing.
>>EMERY: Same mass.
>>ADAIR: It weighs as
much as it did when it was
a half a million miles across.
>>EMERY: Exactly.
>>ADAIR: Now, imagine how
heavy that basketball is.
So you take it on down
to the size of a marble,
still weighs as much as it did
a half million miles across.
That marble is so heavy.
If you let it go, it'd go
clear through this Earth.
The gravity field
will pull it back.
And it'd keep going until
it shred this Earth,
till the Earth looked like it
went through a paper shredder.
Now, that's quantum physics,
but we're not through.
This is where the physicists
just get up and walk out.
It's going to get smaller.
It's going to get down to a
BB, down to a grain of sand.
Then it goes down until
you can't even see it.
And when it gets to a point
where it can't be seen anymore,
that's when it becomes the most
powerful thing in the universe.
It's now a black hole.
And what it's doing--
it has--
>>EMERY: Smaller than a tachyon?
>>ADAIR: Yes.
As a matter of fact, let
me take that table size.
Let's take an atom.
And we cut into the atom.
And we get out the electrons,
protons, neutrons, all out
of the way.
Got the nucleus.
Let's cut in the nucleus.
And we go in there.
What do you find?
Quarks.
So let's take a quark, and
cut it, and go inside that.
What's inside the quark?
Strings.
And we haven't been able to
go any further, past a string.
We think that's it.
And that's where the
string theory starts,
which explains everything.
And Einstein--
his favorite thing
to do when he was just standing
around thinking-- remember,
he had a violin.
He was a violin player,
strings right under his chin.
And subconsciously, he knew.
That violin-- he was
on the right track.
So now, we got
all that going on.
So when it gets so small
where it don't exist anymore,
that's when the physicists leave
and the quantum physics people
come in.
And quantum physics
people-- oh, OK.
We're now in a singularity state
where we have event horizon.
We have a long tube.
We don't know what's
on the other end.
We think it's a quasar.
So this thing now forms.
It's floating through space.
And it's like a rubber band.
You pull it and let
it go, and it snaps.
And when it stops wiggling,
that's where it's at.
And it's just-- they're all
over the place out there.
If I've been talking to
you for an hour, you,
your home you're just
watching this in,
the town that your home is
in, the state, the country,
the planet has moved 100,000
miles through space linear.
So what if the
planet, just one day,
crosses the path of
a mini black hole?
We think that's happened.
There was a case of this
lady and her daughter
in a poorhouse.
This bright light showed up.
And she's in a
stand-alone house.
Her little girl walks
into the bright light
going, look at how pretty.
And any mother is going
to dive after her child.
She grabs her.
And when they get
to the other side,
they're standing
in a dormitory room
at the University
of Toronto, Canada,
from Chicago to
Toronto in one second.
The students who were studying--
well, they called the police.
They arrest the poor woman.
So they listened to her story.
And they said they
started tracking
buses and planes,
trains, any way she could
have called it-- arrived there.
Nothing.
They found nothing.
They went and canvassed
the neighborhood.
And the neighbors
saw, within the hour,
she was right
there in her house.
The neighbors swear to
God that she was there.
I just talked to her.
Seconds later, she's
in Toronto, Canada.
Something happened.
Well, you got to
research the story.
And you find out the house is
no longer there, just a slab.
Big chain-link
fence around it and
says, "Property of the
United States Government."
And the woman is gone.
The child is gone.
Don't know anything.
Probably witness
protection plan.
But I think she
hit a black hole.
She's damn lucky she
didn't step into a sun
or on another planet
with no atmosphere.
Her and her daughter wouldn't
have done too well there.
>>EMERY: Did she just appear
in front of the students?
>>ADAIR: Yep, bright light.
And there she is.
That was the other
end of the tunnel.
Fortunately, it was very small.
And Earth probably
passed through it.
We have heard over and over
of people disappearing right
in front of people.
I think that could be
these translucent wormholes
that we fly through with
the Earth, hits the person
just at the right moment--
>>EMERY: Right moment there.
>>ADAIR: --in time
and they're gone.
And we think they may have
went to another dimension.
Possible.
I don't know.
The wormholes may travel
through dimensions.
>>EMERY: Is there a
way that a craft could
be made to project these
black holes in order
to travel through?
>>ADAIR: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I've been knocking on the door.
Could imagine what a big
institution with billions
of dollars could
move on through.
I know where I could get in
and push them on through.
But, absolutely.
You could have craft designed.
It's built for nothing
but time travel.
Or you could have
a craft designed
where it's built for nothing
but really long-distance galaxy
jumpers.
>>EMERY: And if we do
have this technology,
I mean, why is it still
being kept secret, David?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, I
thought about that.
I thought, I can't be
the smartest person
there is and figured this out.
There's other people.
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>ADAIR: Either
they've been suppressed
or they've been enticed.
They will offer
carrots or a stick,
whichever works the best.
But I think the technology has
been restricted and controlled.
Otherwise, you've
just seen other things
building out of this stuff.
And I've been in my own world
and kept my own containment.
And so I've never been a threat,
just the fact that I exist.
But I'm like a piece
of sticky tape.
You can't get it off of you.
I'm just still here, been
doing this over 50 years.
And I'm still here.
>>EMERY: I've been
visited by them.
And, Mr. Smith, what
are you doing here?
You better not teach
anyone about it.
We know what you're doing.
Don't share it with anyone.
Don't hook it up to the
grid, because we're watching.
And then it's just
a little threat.
But we still need you for
something else later on.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, I
don't even get that.
I just get phone calls.
Will you help us with
this thing over here?
>>EMERY: Great.
>>ADAIR: And I go, OK.
But I've always been
a good little sailor
and kept my self contained.
But you're right.
They also don't want
to lose track of me.
>>EMERY: Right.
No.
>>ADAIR: If I want to
go visit some country,
you ought to see
what happens with it.
>>EMERY: You're an asset.
>>ADAIR: Oh, man.
All this stuff.
Flags came up everywhere.
>>EMERY: Well, if
we have this ability
to create craft using
anti-gravity propulsion, how
do you see that changing
the world, if anything?
>>ADAIR: God,
that'd be like 1860.
And I walk up to
you and go, hey,
we just invented electricity.
You think that's going
to change anything?
>>EMERY: Everything changes.
>>ADAIR: Everything will change.
This technology would
be so unbelievable.
And it would start
chain reactions
of other technologies.
>>EMERY: Where do you see us in
the future with this technology
going mainstream?
>>ADAIR: If we
could get this out
and we could go mainstream,
Roddenberry, "Star Trek."
That's where we'd be.
Somewhere-- one of those
planets in "Star Wars."
We would have all
kinds of capabilities.
And when you start
down that road,
you're going to have
so many things coming.
People want to trade with you.
Hey, I got these
funny-looking rocks over here.
Well, they call them
dilithium crystals.
See if you can do
something with it.
Something like
that would happen.
Everything would change.
But I'll tell you what
would really change--
the medical world.
That would be one of the
biggest changes of them all.
And you could do that simply
by building a space hospital.
And what would be next
door to the space hospital?
Space pharmaceutical
manufacturing plant.
The pharmaceuticals that
could be made out there
is unimaginable.
I know.
I've seen it.
I've gotten glimpses of it.
>>EMERY: David, thank you so
much for being on the show.
>>ADAIR: Well, thank
you for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic
Disclosure," until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]